<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Wrapper Class</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><code>byte</code></td>
<td>8-bit signed 2s complement integer</td>
<td>Byte</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>short</code></td>
<td>16-bit signed 2s complement integer</td>
<td>Short</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>int</code></td>
<td>32-bit signed 2s complement integer</td>
<td>Integer</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>long</code></td>
<td>64-bit signed 2s complement integer</td>
<td>Long</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>float</code></td>
<td>32-bit IEEE 754 floating point number</td>
<td>Float</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>double</code></td>
<td>64-bit floating point number</td>
<td>Double</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>boolean</code></td>
<td>may be set to <code>true</code> or <code>false</code></td>
<td>Boolean</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><code>char</code></td>
<td>16-bit Unicode (UTF-16) character</td>
<td>Character</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Table 26.2.: Primitive types in Java

# 26.3.1. Declaration & Assignment

Java is a statically typed language meaning that all variables must be declared before you can use them or refer to them. In addition, when declaring a variable, you must specify both its type and its identifier. For example:

```java
int numUnits;
double costPerUnit;
char firstInitial;
boolean isStudent;
```

Each declaration specifies the variable’s type followed by the identifier and ending with a semicolon. The identifier rules are fairly standard: a name can consist of lowercase and uppercase alphabetic characters, numbers, and underscores but may not begin with a numeric character. We adopt the modern camelCasing naming convention for variables in our code. In general, variables **must** be assigned a value before you can use them in an expression. You do not have to immediately assign a value when you declare them (though it is good practice), but some value must be assigned before they can be used or the compiler will issue an error.²

The assignment operator is a single equal sign, <code>=</code> and is a right-to-left assignment. That is, the variable that we wish to assign the value to appears on the left-hand-side while the value (literal, variable or expression) is on the right-hand-size. Using our variables from before, we can assign them values:

---

²Instance variables, that is variables declared as part of an object do have default values. For objects, the default is <code>null</code>, for all numeric types, zero is the default value. For the <code>boolean</code> type, <code>false</code> is the default, and the default <code>char</code> value is <code>\0</code>, the null-terminating character (zero in the ASCII table).

<page_number>391</page_number>