If not delivered: Locked Bag 7834 Canberra BC, ACT 2610
<logo>Australian Government<logo>
<logo>Services Australia<logo>
<logo>centrelink<logo>
CLK2LETTERD308R8Q99001

Customer Reference Number: 126 628 105A

||||||||||||||||||||||||

Yuanyuan Liu
42 Fairland St
MOUNT GRAVATT EAST QLD 4122

16 May 2025

Dear Yuanyuan Liu

You need to update your family income estimate by 14 June 2025

Our records show you are currently receiving family assistance. Family assistance payments include Family Tax Benefit and Child Care Subsidy.

We use your family income estimate to work out how much Family Tax Benefit and Child Care Subsidy to pay. Having an accurate income estimate will reduce your risk of being overpaid or underpaid family assistance.

What you need to do
Update your family income estimate for the 2025-2026 financial year by 14 June 2025. Choose 1 of the 2 options below.

Option 1 — Estimate your own family income
You can update your family income estimate for the 2025-2026 financial year by:

* signing into my.gov.au and selecting your Centrelink online account. Select 'Update Family Income Estimate' task or 'My family' from the menu, then 'Family assistance' then 'Family income estimate'. If you do not have a myGov account, you can create one at my.gov.au and then link Centrelink to it.
* using the Express Plus Centrelink mobile app and select 'Submit Family Income Estimate' task. You can download the free app to your mobile device. Make sure you have the latest version installed. For more information, go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/expressplus

Our service centres have free Wi-Fi and computers available for you to use.

If you do not update your family income estimate by 14 June 2025, we will use the estimates we have calculated in Option 2.

Option 2 — Use the family income estimate we have calculated
The 2025-2026 financial year estimates below have been calculated by adjusting your and your partner's current income estimates in line with changes to the Australian Average Weekly Earnings.

Continued on the back

For more information
<logo>my.gov.au<logo>  <logo>Express Plus mobile apps<logo> <logo>servicesaustralia.gov.au<logo>



Your income estimate: $52,750.00
Your partner's income estimate: $5,275.00

If you want to use these estimates, you do not need to do anything. We will use these estimates from 1 July 2025 to calculate your family assistance. If these estimates are incorrect, please update your family income estimate using Option 1.

If your circumstances change, you must update your family income estimate.

Benefits of having an accurate estimate

The benefits of having an accurate family income estimate include:

* avoiding an overpayment or underpayment – having an accurate estimate will help you avoid being overpaid or underpaid family assistance.
* Family Tax Benefit supplements – depending on how much you and your partner earn during the financial year and if you have not been overpaid, you may be eligible for a lump sum Family Tax Benefit supplement after the end of the financial year.

Balancing your payments

We balance the family assistance you received by comparing your estimated family income to your actual family income, when it has been confirmed. You can confirm your income by lodging a tax return with the Australian Taxation Office or advising us you are not required to lodge. If you and your partner are not required to lodge tax returns, we may check other information held by the Australian Taxation Office, such as gross payments recorded on payment summaries or interest and dividend information from financial institutions. Balancing your family assistance may result in you receiving a 'top-up' family assistance payment. If you have received more family assistance than you should have, you will need to pay this money back.

Child Care Subsidy Activity Test

The hours of subsidised care for Child Care Subsidy are based on your and your partner's hours of recognised activity. You should review your and your partner's current details and update these as soon as possible if your circumstances change. For more information, go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/childcaresubsidy

Information in your language

For Centrelink, call 131 202 (call charges may apply) to speak to someone in your language. Go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/yourlanguage to read, listen to or watch information in your language.

More information

For more information on estimating your family income, go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/familyincomeestimate

There are upcoming changes to family assistance payments. For more information about these changes and how they may affect you, go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/changestofamilypayments

Yours sincerely

Manager
Mt Gravatt SC



Your reference number is 126 628 105A

The following information is to help you understand other issues that may affect your entitlements.
If you would like to talk to us about any of these issues, please contact us on 136 150.

Lodge tax return/s
If you and/or your partner (if you have one) need to lodge a tax return, you should do so in the time frames advised by the Australian Taxation Office.

If you and/or your partner (if you have one) do not need to lodge a tax return you need to tell us as soon as possible.

If you do not lodge your tax return or tell us that you do not need to lodge a tax return
If you and your partner (if you have one) do not lodge your tax return/s or tell us that you do not need to lodge tax return/s within 12 months of the end of the relevant financial year and you received:

* Family Tax Benefit, you will:
    * not be eligible to receive any additional Family Tax Benefit for the relevant year, including the Family Tax Benefit supplements
    * have to repay all of the Family Tax Benefit that you received during the relevant year
    * no longer be entitled to receive fortnightly Family Tax Benefit payments.
* Child Care Subsidy:
    * we will stop paying Child Care Subsidy until you and your partner (if you have one) lodge your tax return/s or tell us that you do not need to lodge tax return/s.

If you and your partner (if you have one) do not lodge your tax return/s or tell us that you do not need to lodge tax return/s within 24 months of the end of the relevant financial year, you will have to repay all the Child Care Subsidy you received for the relevant financial year.

Data matching activities
We undertake regular data-matching activities in line with the Data-matching Program (Assistance and Tax) Act 1990 and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner's Guidelines on Data Matching in Australian Government Administration and social security law. This includes matching with the:

* Australian Securities and Investments Commission
* Australian Taxation Office
* Commonwealth Superannuation Corporation
* Department of Employment, Skills, Small and Family Business
* Department of Health
* Department of Social Services
* Department of Home Affairs
* Defence Housing Australia
* Department of Corrective Services in each state and territory
* Registrar of Births, Deaths and Marriages in each state and territory
* public and private education providers in each state and territory.

Privacy and your personal information
The privacy and security of your personal information is important to us, and is protected by law. We collect this information so we can process and manage your applications and payments, and provide services to you. We only share your information with other parties where you have agreed, or where the law allows or requires it. For more information, go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/privacypolicy



To make a complaint or give us feedback
We aim to resolve your concerns as quickly as possible. If you want to make a complaint or give us feedback you can:
- call our feedback and complaints line on 1800 132 468
- go to servicesaustralia.gov.au/feedback for other options.

If this does not resolve your concerns, you can make a complaint to the Commonwealth Ombudsman at ombudsman.gov.au using the online complaints form. If you are unable to complete the online form, you can call them on 1300 362 072.

