Customer Reference Number: 126 628 105A

Yuanyuan Liu  
42 Fairland St  
MOUNT GRAVATT EAST QLD 4122  

4 August 2025  

Dear Yuanyuan Liu,  

### Your Child Care Subsidy has changed  

We have reassessed your Child Care Subsidy.  

#### Child care assessment from 18 August 2025  

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Child Name</th>
        <th>Subsidy type</th>
        <th>Subsidy Percentage</th>
        <th>Subsidy hours per fortnight</th>
        <th>Withholdings</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Zian Zhong</td>
        <td>Child Care Subsidy</td>
        <td>90%</td>
        <td>72</td>
        <td>5%</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Wanru Zhong</td>
        <td>Child Care Subsidy</td>
        <td>90%</td>
        <td>72</td>
        <td>5%</td>
    </tr>
</table>

Your family income estimate of $58,025 has been used to work out this percentage.  

We withhold some of your Child Care Subsidy before it is paid to your Child Care provider to reduce the chance of you owing money at the end of the financial year.  
After the end of each financial year, your Child Care Subsidy rate is balanced using your family’s actual income. If you underestimate your income, you may have been paid too much and you will be asked to repay the excess amounts.  

To work out how much Child Care Subsidy you can get we look at all of the following:  
- your family's income  
- activity levels  
- the type of approved care  
- your child's age  
- the number of your children attending child care.  

We will tell your child care provider your subsidy percentage and pay them, less any amounts we withhold.  

For more information go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/childcaresubsidy](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/childcaresubsidy).  

This is a notice of decision under family assistance law.  

For more information  
[my.gov.au](https://my.gov.au)  
[Express Plus mobile apps](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au)  
[servicesaustralia.gov.au](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au)  

# Important Information
If your child is attending more than one child care service, you can choose the amount of hours we pay to each service.

You can do this by calling us on 136 150 (call charges may apply) or visiting one of our service centres.

## What you must tell us
You must tell us when your circumstances change. This includes changes to:

- your family's income estimate
- your marital status. This includes if you become partnered, separate from your partner or your partner passes away
- your child commences Primary or Secondary school
- your and your partner’s hours of recognised activities such as work, training, study or volunteering
- your child's care arrangements
- when you leave or return to Australia

You can do this by going to [my.gov.au](http://my.gov.au) and signing in to access your Centrelink online account.

Our service centres have free Wi-Fi and computers available for you to use.

For a full list of changes that you need to tell us about and how you can tell us, please go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/notifychanges](http://servicesaustralia.gov.au/notifychanges)

## More information
For more information about Child Care Subsidy including the eligibility requirements and why your Child Care Subsidy amount may change, go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/childcaresubsidy](http://servicesaustralia.gov.au/childcaresubsidy)

Yours sincerely,

**Manager**  
Mt Gravatt SC

Your customer reference number is 126 628 105A

If you do not understand or agree with a decision we have made
- You can contact us and we will explain the decision. We may be able to resolve your concerns without a formal review.
- You can apply for a formal review of the decision. We can change the decision if it is wrong. This review is free.

It's important to apply for a formal review **within 90 days** of being notified about the decision. You can still apply after this time. However, if we change the decision, it may only take effect from the date you applied for the formal review.

Go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/reviewsandappeals](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/reviewsandappeals) for more information.

If you do not agree with the outcome of the formal review, you can apply to the Administrative Review Tribunal (ART). The ART is an independent body which can review a range of decisions made by Services Australia. The ART can only review a decision that we have reviewed. For more information about applying to the ART, please go to [art.gov.au](https://art.gov.au)