Locked Bag 7834 Canberra Bc, ACT 2610  
<barcode>CLK2LETTERG340664534001</barcode>

Reference: 126 628 105A

YuanYuan Liu  
42 Fairland St  
MOUNT GRAVATT EAST QLD 4122  

18 June 2025  

# Your family assistance  

Payment from 18/06/2025 to 01/07/2025 paid on 03/07/2025 $883.22  

## Regular Payment from payment date 17/07/2025  
Family Tax Benefit Part A  $454.72  
Plus Family Tax Benefit Part B  + $193.34  
Plus Rent Assistance  + $249.20  

**Total**  $897.26  

## Information used for calculating your regular payment  
*(Includes rent paid)*  
FTB Part A Combined  
Income  $58,025.00  
FTB Part B Lower Earner  $5,275.00  

| Payment for | Care % |
|-------------|--------|
| ZIAN        | 100    |
| WANRU       | 100    |

---

Please read the back of this letter  

If you have any questions about this letter please call:  
📞 136 150  
Monday to Friday, 8.00 am — 8.00 pm  
OR  
📞 131 202 for Multilingual Services  
Monday to Friday, 8.00 am — 5.00 pm  
(Please quote reference number 126 628 105A)  

Visit one of our Service Centres.  

**Note:** Local business hours of operation may apply.  

[servicesaustralia.gov.au](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au)  

<page_number>1/1</page_number>  

Your reference number is 126 628 105A

# Your child’s immunisation requirements
A fortnightly reduction of up to $35.28 per fortnight is applied to the rate of Family Tax Benefit Part A for children that do not meet the immunisation requirements.

For financial years before 2018-2019, immunisation requirements must be met to be eligible for the Family Tax Benefit Part A supplement.

We will check if a child meets the immunisation requirements using the details held on the Australian Immunisation Register.

For more information about immunisation requirements including how to check your child’s status and links to the Australian Immunisation Register, please go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/immunisation](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/immunisation).

## When to contact us
Under family assistance law, you must tell us about events that may affect your payments as soon as possible after any of these things happen or you become aware that they are likely to happen. You still need to do this even when your family assistance has reduced to a zero rate.

For a full list of changes that you need to tell us about and how you can tell us, please go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/notifychangesftb](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/notifychangesftb).

# About your family’s income
You need to tell us about any changes to your and/or your partner’s income as soon as possible. This is important because your and/or your partner’s income will be checked with the Australian Taxation Office at the end of each financial year to make sure you have been paid the right amount.

Your Family Tax Benefit may be automatically adjusted when your income changes, helping to avoid or reduce overpayments.

The income details you must tell us about include changes to your or your partner’s:
- taxable income including income from salary and wages, lump sum payments, business or self-employment, investments and real estate, taxable government pensions and benefits and other taxable income
- reportable fringe benefits
- reportable superannuation contributions
- total net investment losses
- tax free government pensions and benefits
- foreign income
- child support you pay
- tax exempt foreign income.

**Important Note:** If your salary or wage is paid weekly or fortnightly, the number of individual paydays in a financial year can vary. You need to know this when you estimate your income to avoid being overpaid and should check with your employer if you are unsure.

If you receive Family Tax Benefit Part B and you are a member of a couple, you must tell us if the primary earner's annual income goes over $120,007.00 or the lower earner's annual income changes. This includes any income support payments such as Parenting Payment Partnered or JobSeeker Payment.

There are different notification requirements for income support payments. If you or your partner receive an income support payment and you have a change in income, you will need to update your income details for that payment too.

If you are a sole parent and your income is $120,007.00 or less, you will automatically be paid at the full rate of Family Tax Benefit Part B. If your income is more than this amount, you will not receive any Family Tax Benefit Part B.

# Your payments may stop
If you receive Family Tax Benefit fortnightly your payments will be reduced to a zero rate if you and/or your partner:
- do not lodge your tax return/s or advise us that you are not required to, and
- have an outstanding Family Tax Benefit non-lodger debt as a result.

This will apply to any tax returns you and/or your partner have not lodged for financial years during which you received Family Tax Benefit. If you have repaid outstanding non-lodger debts for these particular financial years your payments will not be affected.

Should you and/or your partner receive further non-lodger debts, your family assistance payments may be cancelled. You and/or your partner will not be eligible for family assistance payments until these debts have been repaid or the outstanding tax returns are lodged with the Australian Taxation Office.

If you underestimate your income, you may have been paid too much, and you will be asked to repay excess amounts after the end of the financial year. If you underestimate your income for two consecutive financial years and have no entitlement when your payments are balanced, you will no longer be able to receive Family Tax Benefit as fortnightly instalments.

We may use your tax refund to repay money you owe. We can also use your Family Tax Benefit payments, including arrears, top ups and supplements. This can happen even if you have a repayment arrangement in place with us.

## You must also tell us if you:
- start to receive child support or the amount of child support that you receive changes
- cannot collect the full amount of child support that you are entitled to receive - you should also call us on 131 272 to discuss your collection options
- become or stop being an Australian resident 
- leave Australia, even for a short time or return to Australia
- become partnered, separate from your partner or your partner passes away. For more information, go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/moc](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/moc)
- stop paying rent or the amount you pay changes
- move into Government housing
- change address
- change the account your payment is sent to
- have a dependent child aged 16 years of age or over who stops full-time secondary study
- start to share the care of any of your children with another adult
- or your partner returns to work after having a baby or caring for a child, as you may be entitled to the maximum rate of Family Tax Benefit Part B for the period of the current financial year before returning to work.

<page_number>1<page_number>  
<page_number>BL-2<page_number>  

You must tell us if a child for whom you are receiving Family Tax Benefit:

- stops living with you, can no longer be considered your dependent or passes away
- is planning to leave Australia (tell us as soon as you know)
- returns to Australia
- becomes or stops being an Australian resident
- is not an Australian resident and no longer lives with you
- receives an income support payment or a Prescribed Educational Scheme payment such as ABSTUDY
- stops full-time secondary study and is 16 years of age or over, or
- is prevented from being in your care without your consent.

You must also tell us if the level of shared care you provide for this child changes.

### Family Tax Benefit child over 16 years of age

A young person 16 years of age and over is a dependant if they are in your care at least 35 per cent of the time, does not receive an income support payment and is:

- for Family Tax Benefit Part A; studying full-time towards a Year 12 or equivalent qualification up until the end of the calendar year in which they turn 19 years of age.
- for Family Tax Benefit Part B if you are a single parent or grandparent carer; in full-time secondary study up until the end of the calendar year in which they turn 18 years of age.

### What to do if you think this decision is wrong

If you do not understand or agree with a decision we have made:
- You can contact us and we will explain the decision. We may be able to resolve your concerns without a formal review.
- You can apply for a formal review of the decision. We can change the decision if it is wrong. This review is free.

It is important to apply for a formal review within:
- 52 weeks of being notified about the decision, or
- 90 days of being notified about the decision if you are claiming Child Care Subsidy and the decision also affects your Child Care Subsidy assessment, or
- 28 days of being notified about the decision if you are a Child Support customer and the decision also affects your child support assessment.

You can still apply after this time. However, if we change the decision, it may only take effect from the date you applied for the formal review.

There is no time limit for a review of a decision about money you owe us. However, we may ask you to start making repayments while we review the decision.

For more information, go to [servicesaustralia.gov.au/reviewsandappeals](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au/reviewsandappeals)

If you do not agree with the outcome of the formal review, you can apply to the Administrative Review Tribunal (ART). The ART is an independent body that can review a range of decisions made by Services Australia. The ART can only review a decision that we have reviewed. For more information about applying to the ART, go to [art.gov.au](https://art.gov.au)

<page_number>2/1<page_number>  
[servicesaustralia.gov.au](https://servicesaustralia.gov.au)